OK so now we understand a little bit more about how to use advanced custom fields by changing the featured
text area.
We're going to continue with the front page and I will show you how to do it.
For the latest off the section.
So go back into the dashboard.
And then the custom fields tab and then click on the front page.
And because we're going to be creating these free special offer actions which are going to be pretty
similar I'm going to add a tub to Section these off.
So as a new field and the label for this can be offer one.
And the field type is gonna be a tab.
And then that.
Then a second tab for the offer to change the text field to be a tab.
And the same for the offered no free.
The can change had to be a tub.
And then close up.
So now let's get started with the offal one.
So this time we'll add a field and this field will be the offer price I would use the generated field
name.
And because this is a price we need to change it from text to be No.
Required.
Yes.
And I would just close our field.
So now we've got the offer price.
This is going to be for the first offer so we can just drag and put this under the offer one tub.
So then we'll create Now the offer name.
It's going be okay as text required Yes.
And then close up.
And then put this off the name just underneath the offer price.
And then because each one of these special offers has two lines of text will do two separate fields
so offer line one.
We'll put that as required to then also AARD off line too.
So okay.
Text required.
Yes.
And close our fields and also close that one.
And then drag these up in the first tub.
Now because of going to the same fields for the offer to offer free you would just go into the off one
fields we can just click on duplicate.
I one keeps the off the price text as the same.
But we need to change the field name change to offer price too.
And close up.
So the one that we just created which is the offer price to then drive this down underneath the offer
to tab which is just Dir.
So underneath the offer price will duplicate the offer name.
Just remove the copy and changes to offer name to for the unique feel name.
And then close this and offer name to drag this down to the offer to UB Well Neith the price.
So many to duplicate the off the line one and off line too.
So duplicate that one.
So off line one keeper at that.
So this rung on a change the unique name to offer to line one.
And then close up.
So off to line one drag this Starn into the second section again just below the name.
Can duplicate this.
This time it's off line too.
So this time it's offer to lying to.
Close up.
So hold that makes sense of us.
We've got the tab for off line 1.
And the first offer has a price and name and then the two lines and then a second tab for the offer
two and again with the price name and two lines making sure each one has a unique for your name.
Now we need to do it a third time for the offer free.
So duplicate the price.
Keep the name the same offer price than befre.
Then add that feels closer feels.
And.
The offer price three down to the offer free.
So after off the price we need off a name again.
So duplicate.
Offer name free.
Then close up.
Drag author name free Dumbo the price.
And there were nearly finished now which need to copy the line on a line too.
So often I am one.
Then the feel name is offer free.
Line one.
Then close.
Drug that into his right place.
A duplicate line to this time the unique name is offer free line too.
Then drag that down to the very bottom.
So now would that hit the uptake burn.
I assure you I will put it in tubs now.
So if you go over to the home page and then select edit page.
So now we've got the awful worn off to an offer free in individual tubs.
Whereas if would put the tubs in.
Would you set up a long list of fields and it may get confused for the user.
So them if you go into the front page doppie HP and Imogen up ADP.
Pete's link to the coursen fields.
So go and answer the latest Office section.
It really is sidebar to you a small room.
So first of all if would delete the price of the first offer and then open up the page.
No we use the same as the last video.
The underscore field and then in brackets.
Type in the field name.
So the first one.
If I go back into the dashboard on the custom fields.
The offer price had the field name of offer one Scott price so willing.
I know.
Then copy this.
And paste this in place of the level Free had him.
This is called The Offer name.
So change offer price to offer a name.
The family Bill pays to be hpn and that is the offer alone one.
So offer on the score line on this gold one.
Great day out.
Estranges you off the line too.
So what if the first field solver saves up and then go over to the home page.
And scroll down so we should now see that we've got an empty latest Office action because we've not
put in the text in place on the edit page so often one causes or blank.
We've got enough showing not but will fix up soon.
So keep going down to the second offer.
And this is offer price underscore too.
Then offer name to.
Firstline a text.
We need to change that to offer to like one.
Then offer to line two.
Then down to the third one.
So lastly the price.
So offer price free.
And then underneath It's offer name number three.
So often name three.
And then the text.
So it's offer free.
Well I am one.
And then lastly it's off a free line too.
So so up and now our home page should be blank.
Or at least the offer should be blunt anyway.
So all that's left now is put the content back in in the edit page section.
So you want to go off and do that yourself feel free to do that.
If not follow along with me.
So the first of all the offer price was 60 dollars.
The offer name was commonly offer.
My mom was fondly pool.
Great day out.
And Gods offer to sell this was a hundred twenty dollars.
The offer name was for the bride.
Off the line one was hair and make up.
Line two was a full pompa package.
And then on to offer number three the price was ninety dollars and this three weekend pass.
My mom was modern facilities.
Then 90 was perfect gift.
Update that.
And go to the home page and let's take a look at that.
So I would just missing one of the fields.
So let's see what the problem is.
So offer free online too that looks okay.
So we go onto the dashboard.
Into custom fields.
Let's take a look at that and see what the problem is.
I think we've got to yeah we've got to underscore there.
So let's just update that.
And head back to the front page refresh.
So still no men minutes added back in no changed each field name so often on the free you would need
to add the perfect gift into the.
Now an update.
OK so there we go.
That's all work in now.
Just one and a white horizontal real just to separate the two lines there.
So just a difference between the off alignment and off line too.
So off alone one just after the close and piece I add a rachana then copy.
And the same off off line too.
Do the same in the second offer.
After line one and two and the same in the third four to save.
Then refresh the browser.
So there you go.
That's how you use advanced custom fields in wordpress beams.
Feel free to carry on and add as many fields as you want to the website brung one leaves up there for
now.
So thanks for listening and we'll see in the next video.